Hey wasabi operation hydride here and
this is my PS X for all request series
where I show you how to get specific
games on PSX for all these games are
taken by request so if you would like to
request a video leave it in the comment
section below and today's episode is how
to get spiral to Dragon on PSX from okay
so to get this to work we're going to
need three things the first one being
PSX for all the actual PlayStation 1
emulator and the application that we're
going to use to play the game if you do
not have that there will be an
annotation on the left or a link in the
description also need I file file
browsing system which we'll use to put
the game in the right place if you do
not have that there will be an
annotation on the right and a link in
description and lastly we'll need Safari
download enabler and to get that you'll
have to go onto Cydia then into the
Search tab and search Safari download
enabler it's the first week it's
completely free so go ahead and install
that now to actually get the game Spyro
the Dragon we're gonna have to go into
Safari so go ahead and open Safari the
iDevice is native browser and when it
loads we're gonna type in the URL cool
rom-com
just as I am doing here and now this
will automatically redirect you to their
mobile website which is fine because
their mobile website is pretty freakin
awesome
anyways when it loads you'll have four
different options to rhom search
instructions emulators and rom files
we're going to go through rom search
just because for the sake of this video
I want to use a different method so
we're gonna go and type in Spyro just a
vague search so we'll get different
results and we can just pick the one
that we want so when we click on the
search it'll load and take us to the
search results so as you can see here
there is 90
different results but we have the demo
here
okay where is this wow they have a lot
of Spyro games I had no idea that
there's this many i only remember
playing the classic playstation one
version but here it is
spiral year of the dragon version 1.1
let's see let's look here we go we don't
want that one we want Spyro the Dragon
that is the game we want that year of
the dragon who plays year of the dragon
I'm just kidding they're both very good
games but we're gonna be getting Spyro
the Dragon and when you click on it
you'll get a screen like this now as the
file name file size the system it's
under how many times been downloaded -
extremely nice screenshots and when we
scroll down we see it's rating and the
download now button now what that is
that is the download link so when we
click download now we'll see up in the
URL it has now changed to the amount of
megabytes being downloaded to the amount
of megabytes to be downloaded so you
only have this little arm megabytes per
second thing going on if you got Safari
download enabler so if you don't have it
go ahead again and if you do great so
are we back when this download is done
right so when the download is done you
should have a screen like this and from
here we're gonna click on the opening
option and then find her now you only
have this option if you download it
Safari download enabler and when it
opens you should be in Burma but if not
then just go back as far as you can and
then when you cannot go back any more
you will be in foreign mobile also it
will say right here anyways from here
we're going to click on the media folder
scroll down roms folder PSX folder and
here we're going to copy the spiral the
dragon 7z file by clicking save at the
top right now we can go home and open I
file when you open I file you should be
in farm opal
if not then click on the little house at
the bottom this will take you to our
mobile
okay from here we're going to click on
media scroll down roms PSX and now we're
going to look for our spiral the dragon
top 7z file by scrolling down until you
see it and here it is for me at least
Spyro the Dragon 7z now what we're going
to do is click on the file then click on
archive err
now what this does is that it is
extracting the three files that are
inside this dot 7z file and taking them
out into the PSX folder which we need to
be done anyways it should take two to
five minutes and I'll be back when this
is done extracting okay so when I did it
done extracting all the files you should
be at a screen like this you know that
everything went according to plan when
it says everything is OK and finish with
the result code zero and also at the top
you can now exit by clicking done and
now when we return to the PSX directory
we shall see that Spyro the Dragon top
pin is now here in spyro the dragon
queue so that's the files that we need
so we're going to go ahead and go home
now we can go into the PSX for all
application but we must check that it is
not open in the multitasking bar if it
is then we're going to have to kill it
by holding it down and then clicking the
red - this will kill the application and
now we can go into it now make sure to
kill the application if it is open or if
you do not then spyro the dragon will
not be in the PSX raw application so
when we scroll down to the S we'll see
that's part of the dragon top bin is now
here now we can go ahead and click Spyro
the Dragon top pin in this ball start
the king and now you guys can see it in
action so whenever you start a PSX for
all game it will automatically load the
Sony boot logo and then after the Sony
boot logo the PSX boot boot logo shout
load and then after these two boot logos
the game will start so I'll let you guys
enjoy the game see how it runs and I'll
see you next week
thanks for watching guys hope you
enjoyed this video anyways I have a
couple of videos here that you might
wanna see just click on the one that you
would like to see anyways to see more PS
x requests videos and other cool videos
like the ones on the screen click on
that green subscribe button